hello everyone
I am Vina from Venus kitchen calm my
friends from a recipe Lancome has asked
me to create a new recipe on how to make
garlic saute shrimp with butter sauce
well it is an Italian dish and it is
very very simple to make I hope you
enjoy watching this video
the ingredients required would be prawns
200 grams
fiber lip sliced juice of 1/2 lemon and
2 to 3 basil leaves 50 grams of firm
butter cut into cubes like this heat the
pan add the oil say about 1 TSP let us
add the garlic the chopped garlic and
saute well so they feel the garlic
changes its color then we will be adding
the prawns
okay there's now started to change the
color let's have the growth
some people and the prawn starts to
change its color to pink
now add the butter and the turn of the
flame
I love the butter to melt finish it with
some basil leaves salt II promise with
garlic butter sauce is very take it in a
serving mouth
garnished with the basil leaf okay so
these saute prawns garlic and butter
sauce is ready to be served it is very
easy to make and it's a very good
starter I have been enjoyed watching
this video thank you
well that was garlic saute shrimp with
butter sauce it is very very simple to
make for us more such recipes do visit a
recipe line calm thank you